docs/gamesupport.md, before:

## Game Support Table

Note that game regions/versions or whole games that are marked as Unsupported are planned to be supported later in
development..

| Game          | Region/Version      | Support Status |
|---------------|---------------------|----------------|
| SSX OG (2000) | USA (1.0)           | ✅              |
| SSX OG (2000) | USA (Greatest Hits) | ❓              |
| SSX OG (2000) | PAL (1.0)           | ❌              |
| SSX OG (2000) | NTSC-J (1.0)        | ❌              |
| SSX Tricky    | USA (1.0)           | ✅              |
| SSX Tricky    | PAL/NTSC-J          | ❌              |
| SSX 3         | OPSM2 Demo          | 🧩️            |
| SSX 3         | KR Demo             | 🧩             |
| SSX 3         | PAL/NTSC-J          | ❌              |
| SSX On Tour   | (N/A)               | ❌              |

#### Legend

| Symbol | Definition                         |
|--------|------------------------------------|
| ✅️     | Supported                          |
| 🧩️    | Work in progress (partial support) |
| ❌️     | Unsupported                        |
| ❓      | Unknown (may work just fine?)      |

Commit message:

Docs: Mention WIP jampack support
Bump version to v0.5. WOOHOO!!!!! finally got something stable out after nearly a year!!!

docs/gamesupport.md, after:

## Game Support Table

Note that game regions/versions or whole games that are marked as Unsupported are planned to be supported later in
development..

| Game          | Region/Version      | Support Status                |
|---------------|---------------------|-------------------------------|
| SSX OG (2000) | USA (1.0)           | ✅                             |
| SSX OG (2000) | USA (Greatest Hits) | ❓                             |
| SSX OG (2000) | PAL (1.0)           | ❌                             |
| SSX OG (2000) | NTSC-J (1.0)        | ❌                             |
| SSX Tricky    | USA (1.0)           | ✅                             |
| SSX Tricky    | PAL/NTSC-J          | ❌                             |
| SSX Tricky    | Jampack Demo        | 🧩️ (wait for v0.6, probably) |
| SSX 3         | OPSM2 Demo          | 🧩️                           |
| SSX 3         | KR Demo             | 🧩                            |
| SSX 3         | PAL/NTSC-J          | ❌                             |
| SSX On Tour   | (N/A)               | ❌                             |

#### Legend

| Symbol | Definition                                                            |
|--------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| ✅️     | Supported (tested working with most patches)                          |
| 🧩️    | Work in progress (partial support)                                    |
| ❌️     | Unsupported (does not work with most patches or is not in elfldr yet) |
| ❓      | Unknown (may work just fine?)                                         |
